this is Cal secret instance time on a
Friday flourish this is going to be a
woman on flex one this is an another
flourish featured in the video from wild
stars that we've been commissioned in
the last video take a look
this is a novel way into when an
inverted Gator solo doesn't think ID
have the language to describe what's
cool about this one in the hardest part
about it is off the balance the lead
puts his hands behind his back
animals till we take off his hand
this is going to be uh this is the
hardest part to do just remember when he
is trying to give them the and open
hands invite severed hands so the leaves
no put this animal eyes that show us the
ball she's gonna take just going to show
that one more time
with these hands out of the way off the
balance
wants to take these hands from here you
can go back back turn you're a follower
or more toxic your nominee reverses that
first inverted scatter salt and then
here the lead has to turn all the way
over his own left shoulder and now
you're back at your back basic position
from here if you want you can go
straight into the bones in swing or you
can turn under for a come-up or an
ethical swing warning over away if you
run out of time because it's a because
you've gone through all the time
virtually once you have that nothing
good you should look like this
this has been the brown sugar just
dressed again next week from the left
running flourish thanks for watching